Add `tsconfig` info for client types (#7745)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/guides/typescript.mdx

console.log(import.meta.webpack); // without reference declared above, TypeScript will throw an error
```

> To enable the types for the whole project, add `webpack/module` to `types` in `tsconfig.json`:

Author: ```suggestion
To enable the types for the whole project, add `webpack/module` to `compilerOptions.types` in `tsconfig.json`:
```

> Alternatively, you can also add `webpack/module` to your `tsconfig.json` to add the types for the whole project:

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also add `webpack/module` to `types` in `tsconfig.json` to enable the types for the whole project:
```
